# Self Sovereign Identity

This repository contains the set of libraries and tools for integrating digital
identity (self sovereign identitiy) into services and applications.

There are three crates which are re-exported under the `ssi` crate:

- `ssi-core` - Verifiable Credentials, DidDocuments, etc.
- `signature` - Cryptographic Suites, Key Management, etc.
- `registry_resolver` - Client implementation of `knox` DID Registry Resolver

## Requirements

At the moment we make no promise to support anything but the latest version of
Rust. Current minimum version of rust (MVR): 1.74

The following are the minimum requirements for building and running the `ssi`
library and its test

- Rust
- Protofetch

You can install Rust by following the instructions at
https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install. After that has been installed and
configured, you can install protofetch by running `cargo install protofetch`.

Once you have installed the above, you can run the following command to download
the protos necessary to use `register_resolver`

```
(cd registry_resolver && protofetch fetch)
```

Once you have followed the instructions above, you can build the library from
the workspace root by running `cargo build`.

## Library Usage

You can utilize `ssi` by importing it via GitHub through the main branch. At the
moment the crate is not published on crates.io

```
ssi = { git = "https://github.com/knox-networks/ssi", branch = "main" }
```

## Tests

There are two kinds of tests in this repository used to assure correctness: unit
and spec adherence tests.

## Running Tests

The tests can be run without any previous pre-configuration or pre-installation
through the standard cargo command.

### Unit Tests

The tests can be run through the standard cargo command. The unit tests
guarantee the correctness of the abstractions and logical structure of the
library. However, they cannot verify the crypgraphic correctness of the library.
For that, we have spec adherence tests.

```rust
cargo test
```

### Spec Adherence

The spec adherance tests guarantee the correctness of the structure and context
of the Verifiable Credentials and Presentations generated by the library. They
also guarantee the cryptographic correctness of the cryptographic suites used by
the library. This is done through the usage of the Verifiable Credentials Spec
Test Suite & Data Integrity Test Vectors.

#### Running VC Data Model Test Suite

Placeholder

#### Running Data Integrity Test Vectors

Placeholder

### FFI Tests

```sh
cargo make ffi-test
```

## FFI

In order to build and run the FFI examples you will need to have the following
installed:

```
cargo install --force cargo-make
```

We also need to add the appropriate targets to be run in various architectures
and build artifacts accordingly.

```
rustup target add aarch64-apple-ios  (iOS devices)
rustup target add x86_64-apple-ios (iOS simulator for Swift unit tests)
rustup target add aarch64-apple-darwin (iOS simluator for Flutter unit tests)
cargo build --release --target aarch64-apple-ios --package ssi-ffi
cargo build --release --target x86_64-apple-ios --package ssi-ffi
cargo build --release --target aarch64-apple-darwin --package ssi-ffi
```

## License

The Knox SSI library is licensed under the
[Apache License](https://github.com/knox-networks/ssi/blob/main/LICENSE)
